= minitest-lint

home :: https://github.com/zenspider/minitest-lint
rdoc :: http://docs.seattlerb.org/minitest-lint

== DESCRIPTION:

Lint your minitest assertions.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Scans assertions for common patterns.
* Provides multiple rewrites until it can't be improved anymore.
* Uses pattern matching to be as flexible as possible.
* TODO: still needs a lot more added to it. This is just the beginning.

== SYNOPSIS:

  % mt_lint my_stupid_test.rb

  my_stupid_test.rb:10:
    assert(([1, 2, 3].include?(b) == true), "is b in 1..3?") # original
    assert(([1, 2, 3].include?(b) == true))   # redundant message?
    assert_equal([1, 2, 3].include?(b), true) # assert_equal exp, act
    assert_equal(true, [1, 2, 3].include?(b)) # assert_equal lit, act
    assert_operator([1, 2, 3], :include?, b)  # assert_operator obj, :msg, val
    assert_includes([1, 2, 3], b)             # assert_includes obj, val

  my_stupid_test.rb:20:
    [1, 2, 3].include?(b).must_equal(true) # original
    _([1, 2, 3].include?(b)).must_equal(true) # _(obj).must_<something> val
    _([1, 2, 3]).must_be(:include?, b)        # _(obj).must_be :msg, val
    _([1, 2, 3]).must_include(b)              # _(obj).must_include val

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ruby_parser
* ruby2ruby
* path_expander
* sexp_processor
* graph
* minitest (duh)

== INSTALL:

* [sudo] gem install minitest-lint

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) Ryan Davis, seattle.rb

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
